#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile main.in
#
arrow
    # via -r main.in
python-dateutil
    # via arrow
six
    # via python-dateutil
certifi
    # via requests
chardet
    # via requests
greenlet
    # via sqlalchemy
idna
    # via requests
requests
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3
    # via requests
cffi
    # via cryptography
cryptography
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser
    # via cffi
pyjwt
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs
    # via pytest
iniconfig
    # via pytest
marshmallow
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging
    # via pytest
pluggy
    # via pytest
py
    # via pytest
pyparsing
    # via packaging
pytest
    # via -r requirements.in
toml
    # via pytest
fancycompleter
    # via pdbpp
pdbpp
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments
    # via pdbpp
pyrepl
    # via fancycompleter
wmctrl
    # via pdbpp
beautifulsoup4
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi
    # via requests
charset-normalizer
    # via requests
idna
    # via -r requirements.in
soupsieve
    # via beautifulsoup4
anyio
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
async-generator
    # via nbclient
attrs
    # via jsonschema
babel
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall
    # via ipython
bleach
    # via nbconvert
certifi
    # via requests
cffi
    # via argon2-cffi
charset-normalizer
    # via requests
cycler
    # via matplotlib
debugpy
    # via ipykernel
decorator
    # via ipython
defusedxml
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
et-xmlfile
    # via openpyxl
faker
    # via -r requirements.in
idna
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
ipykernel
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   traitlets
ipywidgets
    # via jupyter
jedi
    # via ipython
jinja2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-server
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyterlab
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe
    # via jinja2
matplotlib
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio
    # via nbclient
notebook
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
openpyxl
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
pandas
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters
    # via nbconvert
parso
    # via jedi
pexpect
    # via ipython
pickleshare
    # via ipython
pillow
    # via matplotlib
prometheus-client
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
ptyprocess
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pycparser
    # via cffi
pygments
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   faker
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyzmq
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole
    # via jupyter
qtpy
    # via qtconsole
requests
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-unixsocket
requests-unixsocket
    # via jupyter-server
send2trash
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
six
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   jsonschema
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio
    # via anyio
terminado
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath
    # via nbconvert
text-unidecode
    # via faker
tornado
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
wcwidth
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings
    # via bleach
websocket-client
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension
    # via ipywidgets

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools